+++
title = "*The Advent of Islam in Korea* and the Keleti Gyűjtemény of the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences"
author = "Gabor Parti"
date = "2125-01-15"
weight = 11
description = "A personal story of my journey in academia."
categories = []
tags = []
menu = "main:posts"
hidden = "true"
draft = "true"
disableComments = "true"
+++

There is a book in the Keleti Gyűjtemény (Oriental Collection) of the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (MTA), titled *The Advent of Islam in Korea*. Published by IRCICA in 1997, it was written by Hee-Soo Lee, a Korean scholar of Islamic studies, now a professor at Hanyang University. The book is the English version of Lee's PhD dissertation, originally written in Turkish at Istanbul University. It is a comprehensive study of the history of Islam in Korea, from the earliest cultural and commercial contacts via the Maritime Silk Road from the 9th century, to the Pan-Islamic movement of the 19th century.

It is a rare find, and what a gem! 

I came across this book around 2010, while trying to find a topic for my first BA thesis at ELTE. I was doing both Arabic studies and Korean studies as my two majors back then, so you can imagine my excitement when I discovered that such a treasure exists, somebody have tried to bring together these two remote areas of Oriental Studies. 

Now, you cannot borrow books from this library unless you have a PhD degree. This sets the tone that the students here are on the bottom of the hierarchy, and aren't considered real researchers yet, which kinda make sense? Only serious scholars are allowed to take books home, and work on the weekends.   

Consequently, you had to sit there and scribble with a pencil on paper if you wanted to take notes -- photography was also not allowed (I clandestinely snapped a few images of maps, because I was not good at mapmaking back then, and I suck at drawing). I actually did not mind this arrangement and have spent many of my empty days in the library, which was only open until 4 pm so normally people have classes or at work.

I did not mind because the library has a very special atmosphere. The Oriental Collection is essentially a tiny room with beautifully decorated wooden shelves arranged in two semi circles, in between which there was one massive wooden table and ten or so chairs. Complete with beautiful carpets and elegant ornamented arches on the ceiling, the room has an old school charm that echoes the grandeur of the field, you could feel the essence of past orientlaists and philologists in the air. The shelves were filled with books related to Arabic, Persian, Hebrew, Turkish, Mongolian, Tibetan, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, and many other eastern languages. 